applications: nrf_desktop: enable fprotect in mcuboot configurations (#18322)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF Desktop
-----------

> * Updated MCUboot bootloader configurations for the relevant board targets to enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT` Kconfig option that is used to protect the bootloader partition against memory corruption.

Reviewer: please add a comment on the release notes PR https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/18192, providing the link the commit that drops this release note entries. I shall add those in the release notes PR.

    * :ref:`zephyr:nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15`
    * :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20`

  * MCUboot bootloader configurations to enable the following Kconfig options:

>     * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT`: used to protect the bootloader partition against memory corruption
>     * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HW_STACK_PROTECTION`: used to protect against stack overflows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT` - Used to protect the bootloader partition against memory corruption.
    * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HW_STACK_PROTECTION` - Used to protect against stack overflows.
```

>     The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HW_STACK_PROTECTION` Kconfig option and its depedency (the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ARM_MPU` Kconfig option) may be disabled in case of targets with limited memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HW_STACK_PROTECTION` Kconfig option and its dependency (the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ARM_MPU` Kconfig option) might be disabled in case of targets with limited memory.
```

    * :ref:`zephyr:nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15`
    * :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20`

>   * MCUboot bootloader configurations for the relevant board targets to enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT` Kconfig option that is used to protect the bootloader partition against memory corruption.

Author: fixed

    * :ref:`zephyr:nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15`
    * :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20`

  * MCUboot bootloader configurations to enable the following Kconfig options:

    * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT`: used to protect the bootloader partition against memory corruption

>     * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HW_STACK_PROTECTION`: used to protect against stack overflows

Reviewer 2: Consider mentioning that the option might be disabled together with ARM MPU in case of targets with limited memory (to decrease MCUboot's memory footprint)

    * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FPROTECT`: used to protect the bootloader partition against memory corruption
    * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_HW_STACK_PROTECTION`: used to protect against stack overflows

>   * MCUboot bootloader configuration for the MCUboot SMP build type and the nRF52840 Gaming Mouse target to enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ARM_MPU` Kconfig option that is used to enable Memory Protection Unit (MPU).

Reviewer 2: Maybe instead `that is used to enable Memory Protection Unit (MPU)` we could state `that is needed to enable hardware stack protection`? (fact that it enables ARM MPU is obvious looking at Kconfig name :) )
